Here is brief introduction to all the 5 mentionable projects that I have completed during my internship in Unified Mentor Private Limited as a Dat Analyst Intern.<br>
Project 1: Atliq Hospitality Analysis<br>
Atliq Grands owns multiple five-star hotels across India and is in the industry for the past 20 years. Due to strategic moves from other competitors and ineffective decision-making in management, Atliq Grands are losing its market share and revenue in the luxury/business hotels category. The dashboard prepared in PowerBI shows a brief information display about the analysis of Atliq's hospitality. <br>
Project 2: Bird Strikes Analysis<br>
Bird Strikes are a significant threat to aircraft safety. For smaller aircraft, significant damage may be caused to the aircraft structure and all aircraft, especially jet-engine ones, are vulnerable to the loss of thrust which can follow the ingestion of birds into engine air intakes. This has resulted in several fatal accidents. The analysis report finds the reasons and impacts of the accident that took place in the US from 2000-2011.An overall dashboard is also presented for ease of visualization.<br>
Project 3: Crop Production Analysis<br>
The Agriculture business domain, as a vital part of the overall supply chain, is expected to highly evolve in the upcoming years via the developments, which are taking place on the side of the Future Internet. In this project, the datasets providing a huge amount of information on crop production in India ranging from several years are analyzed.The analysis found important insights highlighting key indicators and metrics that influence crop production. The visualization will be handy for predicting crop production in upcoming years.<br>
